Update self-hosted-subscriptions.rst (#6159)
mattermost/docs: source/about/self-hosted-subscriptions.rst

Add more users to your subscription
-----------------------------------

> From Mattermost v7.7, you can add additional users to your subscription via the `Customer Portal page <https://customers.mattermost.com>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have a self-hosted license in the Customer Portal, you can add additional users to your subscription via the `Customer Portal page <https://customers.mattermost.com>`__.
```

1. Select **Purchase additional seats**.
2. Enter your account and billing details.
3. When the transaction is complete, select whether you'd like to download your updated license or having it emailed to you.completes, they will have to either

Once you have your updated license, upload it via **System Console > License and Edition**.

This process adds additional users to your existing subscription and is not a new license. Your license renewal date doesn't change when you add additional users and receive an updated license. Billing is pro-rated based on the time left in your billing cycle.

> If you are using Mattermost v7.6 and below, to add more users to your existing subscription, `contact us <https://mattermost.com/contact-us/>`__.

Reviewer: Missed this one @justinegeffen -- I guess what would be more appropriate here is that if they don't have a self-hosted license in the Customer Portal and wanted to add users, contact us

> If you are using Mattermost v7.6 and below, to add more users to your existing subscription, `contact us <https://mattermost.com/contact-us/>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't have a self-hosted license in the Customer Portal and want to add users, `contact us <https://mattermost.com/contact-us/>`__.
```
